Machine learning guide 10.13 (#296)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/demand-forecasting-bundle/prerequisites.md

  - /predictive-analytics/demand-forecasting/#prerequisites
---

Download the [DemandForecastingDemoProject.zip](/files/zementis/DemandForecastingDemoProject.zip) file which contains the scripts and sample data set used in this demo.

Running the demo scripts requires 

* Prior experience with Python, Jupyter Notebook, JSON, REST and understanding of data science processes.
* Familiarity with {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and its in-built apps.

> * Subscription of the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Machine Learning Workbench microservice (10.13.0.x.x or higher), Zementis microservice (10.6.0.x.x or higher) and Nyoka microservice (10.6.0.x.x or higher) in the tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Subscription of the MLW microservice (10.13.0.x.x or higher), the Zementis microservice (10.6.0.x.x or higher), the Nyoka microservice (10.6.0.x.x or higher), the Machine Learning Workbench application and the Machine Learning application on the tenant.
```
To make it consistent with other use case pre-requisites.
